Key Recommendations
Production API Confirmation:

If you intend to use the production API, set both environment variables:

BYBIT_PRODUCTION_CONFIRMED=true

BYBIT_PRODUCTION_ENABLED=true

Make sure to review API key restrictions and ensure your keys are securely stored.

Model Files Issues:

Review the files datascaler_model.pkl, random_forest_model.pkl, and reinforcementlearner_model.pkl for issues such as serialization format and file integrity.

Check the formatting and indentation in reinforcement_learning.py (especially line 2) to fix the “unexpected indent” error.

Module Imports:

Investigate the module ai_models.model_recognition and ensure that if you expect a class named ModelRecognizer it is correctly defined and exported. You may need to adjust the import paths or fix any errors within that module.

Model Interface:

It appears that some loaded models do not have methods such as predict or fit. Verify that your models are being properly instantiated and that they conform to the interfaces expected by your testing framework.

Trading Simulation:

The logs show that simulated orders are being generated. Make sure that your simulation logic correctly mimics live trading if you plan to transition to production.

Conclusion
In summary, your logs indicate that the system is a sophisticated automated trading platform that integrates a Bybit API connector, a caching system, machine-learning model management, portfolio and risk management, and a trading engine with real-time signals. However, several errors need attention:

The production API is not fully confirmed via environment variables, forcing the system into testnet mode.

There are issues with loading some serialized model files and errors in the reinforcement learning module.

Import warnings regarding the ModelRecognizer class need to be resolved.

Addressing these points should help stabilize the system before moving further toward production deployment.

If you have any specific questions about any section of the logs or need further detail on a particular error, please let me know!